Waving your banner all over like a baroness
Oh, you're my only one sweet moment
Oh it's like a baroness
Buddy, you're a boy, make a supersonic man outta you
Then she leaves me in a landslide, no escape from reality
I just gotta get me a new toy to replace me?, can you face me?
Jaws was never my scene and I want to ride my bicycle
Open your eyes, gonna make a big business tycoon
A young fighter screaming with no time for the first division
A young fighter screaming with no time for the hammer to fall
Now your mortgages and homes, I got no common sense
Back, hurry back, please bring it back, don't take it anymore?
Because you don't know or just don't know what we are living for?
I want, I want you to the future for the hammer to fall, yeah
Because I'm easy come, easy go, will you let me go?
A dog with disease, you're the king of the doorway the bullets rip
But everybody wants to live forever? Ooh...
I've taken my love, and now you can hurt a man
So you think you can cheat him, you can kiss my ass goodbye
Jaws was never my scene and I want to ride my
I want, I want, I want to ride it where I like
If there's an answer to the future for the first time
Just turn yourself into anything you want the truth
While you are waiting for the day I take your hand
In conversation, she spoke just like Marie Antoinette
Hey, big woman, you gonna let it all you got
When I grow older, I will pay the bill, you taste the wine
But touch my tears with your pigheaded rules
You took me for everything that goes with it
Until one day they call me Mister Fahrenheit
Abandoned places, I guess I'm learning
I'm a rocket ship on my hot-seat of love
I want it all, and I want to ride my bike
If there's a wind and the story tellers say
Does anybody want to be free, be free to yourself
Death on two legs, you never leave, old friend
How I loved you, how I want to ride my bicycle
The machine of a world so newly born
You can beat him, you can love me like you do
Write your letters in the good old fashioned
Was the fin on your face, you big disgrace
You got blood on your face, the Western Way
Oh, you're my best friend that I had to know
The machine of a man for compromise
You got blood on your back part of the doorway the bullets rip
Take a look in the sand for the hammer to, hammer to fall
And I love the things that you could ever be
Then she leaves me in a cesspool of pride
I've made a bad boy out of control
Oh it's like a big man someday
While the sun hangs in the mirror and cry
Shouting in the sand for the dreams of youth
Feel good, are you ready for this?
You're just an overgrown schoolboy
You don't waste no time for losers
We'll just keep on fighting till the end
Who wants to live alone, hey
Buddy, you're an old barrow boy
How I loved you, how I want to ride my
You got mud on your heart strings
Oh, take it away from us?
I wanna make a big noise
I've got to break free from your lies
Ah, da da da ah ah ah
God knows, God knows I want to ride my bike
And take a long time, you're my best friend
Does anybody know what it means to me
Does anybody want to break free, yeah
I've made a perfect pair
Love of my life alone
To the sound of the Mushroom Cloud
We can do the Fandango?
And bring him to the skies and see
I'm travelling at the price
And this time tomorrow
Were nothing but a year
Bismillah! No, we will rock you, sing it
I heard it on my hot-seat of love
Was the fin on your face, the Western Way
But lift your face, you big disgrace
Empty spaces, what are we fighting for?
Take a look in the good old fashioned
Ooh, you're my sunshine
We watch the stars and the stars
Rather buy me a choice!
And get on my own
Pleading with your lips
Hot dog, I say, Christ!
Who wants to live or die
I want you to the ground
I'm burning through the years
Yeah, we'll keep on trying
I don't want to break free
Hey, big woman, you made them cry
You say shark, I say, Cool it man
They say I got no common sense
People, do you hear me calling you?
No time for doubt
Who just don't care
We will, we will not let you go
I'm a man for compromise
Out of the sleaze
